with Harrison Ford is like sleeping with
my great-great-grandfather
Harrison hits the century mark this
Friday good luck with those diapers
ballista up next I interview a rock and
roll band
once-in-a-generation a van comes along
moves our souls and changes how we look
at life that band is the Beatles but
tonight I interview Smash Mouth you guys
are everywhere your music is featured in
the film Shrek and rat race don't forget
clock stoppers can't hardly wait and an
Austin Powers Inspector Gadget we got a
song in a Hot Wheels app we got a thing
going with Mervyn's department store
twice Sol's gonna use one of our tunes
in its new plug insane
yeah we're talks with Gold Bond
medicated foot powder you guys have some
new music coming out is that right yeah
we got a new tune that's coming out we
have some video of that let's take a
look go now scrubbing bottle
now go now Scrubbing Bubbles Scrubbing
Bubbles
do and the
we were tough
now that song sounds like it was written
specifically for the product how so you
guys are singing about Scrubbing Bubbles
it's a metaphor for a girl's body Kevin
wrote that song a long time ago it's
called Dow Chemicals Scrubbing Bubbles
yeah we already worked with the Shrek
animators too they turned us into
cartoons for a movie though for a keep
look cookie commercial the elves back us
up on one of my songs called new butter
pecan Sandies all right let's snake
I think it's so thrilling that this
tasty butter filling has half the
calories of a regular standees they can
do pecan Sandies in the qiblah hollow
tree rattle please guys you wrote that
for the Keebler Company
I wrote that in 1993 after I broke up
with my girlfriend
Steve got another great song out of that
breakup it's called free night and
weekend minutes come on nobody has free
night and weekend minutes sprint does
check it out Pat we know that you
hesitate to call from state to state but
with our new family rate we'll have you
saying that's great cuz you can call any
time it all
if you've got time -
on the ball
Access Hollywood is an infomercial and
in no way has anything of value to any
living human being